Load service configs one by one lazily (#1099)
3scale/APIcast: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Introduce possibility of specifying policy order restrictions in their schemas. APIcast now shows a warning when those restrictions are not respected [#1088](https://github.com/3scale/APIcast/pull/1088), [THREESCALE-2896](https://issues.jboss.org/browse/THREESCALE-2896)

> - Option to load service configurations one by one lazily [PR #1099](https://github.com/3scale/APIcast/pull/1099)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Option to implement lazy loading of service configurations one by one [PR #1099](https://github.com/3scale/APIcast/pull/1099)
```
